Previously on Marshals...
[Calvin] We got to hold
on what we got.
We don't move.
it's Roner all over.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[Dr. Ginsburg]
Said you'd been experiencing
some neck and shoulder pain?
We'll run some tests.
try to find you some answers.
Would you like to go
on a date sometime?
I'd love to.
Family name doesn't
carry water anymore.
so you got to hide
behind a federal badge?
- [Belle] This... is a terrible idea.
- [chuckles] Long day.
[Belle sighs]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
♪ low. dramatic music ♪
♪
[bus door closes]
[Tate sighs]
Winter fields came in nice.
[Kayce] Yeah. Tom Weaver's hands
get all the credit.
His daughter's hands
get credit. too?
Hey. you communicating
with aliens?
'Cause these hay bales
can't be for decoration. right?
They're to feed the herd.
Grass gets scarce
when the snow comes in.
[Tate] Get your hand warmers
ready. city slicker.
Winter's coming.
[Calvin] It's the first time
someone from Omaha's
been slapped with that label.
But I have you know. Tate.
I was freezing my ass off
in the Hindu Kush when you
were still in diapers.
[scoffs]
Supposed to meet up with Deebo.
Unless you got more grass
you want to stare at?
Get out of here.
Man. it's nice to see you two
doing so well.
You know.
being a father suits you.
Didn't come natural.
I thought being somebody's son
would be the hardest thing
I ever had to deal with.
[sighs] Man. I needed a morning
like this. Thank you. Coyo.
Everything good?
Yeah. just fighting battles
on multiple fronts. but
it's nice to know
you got my six.
Sketchy guy coming up
the driveway to the house.
♪ dramatic music ♪
[Kayce]
You lost?
Not if I'm trying to figure out
where all the cowboys have gone.
Think you can back up
that smart talk
armed only with that six string?
Ain't you heard?
I was born dangerous. Coyo.
[scoffs]
[grunts]
Damn. Double G.
- I ain't seen you since...
- Camp Uhley. Afghanistan.
[Kayce]
So. after all this time.
you just figured
you'd show up in Montana
unannounced. huh?
[Garrett] Well.
felt a calling to head west.
see how my old teammate
was doing.
Good Lord. is that Tate?
[Kayce]
Hey. Tate.
I want you to meet Garrett. He's
my old buddy from the Teams.
[Tate]
Figured.
Can't imagine anyone else
getting a greeting like that.
♪ low. dramatic music ♪
Cal? Wasn't expecting
to see you.
Double G. In the flesh.
I guess I should start
believing in ghosts.
You were all teammates?
Three-quarters of a badass group
of pipe hitters
everybody called
the Four Musketeers.
Nobody called us that.
Who's the fourth?
♪ somber music ♪
Let's. uh.
get your stuff inside.
There's a lot to catch up on.
Ain't that right. Cal?
I got something back at work.
It's good seeing you. Double G.
Come on.
Sure thing. boss.
Get you inside. man.
♪ soaring. dynamic music ♪
♪
Hey. The fugitive
we collared yesterday
was processed in Helena.
And?
And I thought
you'd want to know.
Now I do. Thanks.
You feeling okay?
Yeah. yeah. Why wouldn't I be?
Jared said your run-in was at
the doctor's office parking lot.
- You left that detail out.
- I'm fine.
Okay.
Are we?
We both agreed we made
a mistake and. you know.
gonna respect boundaries
at work.
Stay front-sight focused.
It's nothing personal.
Yeah. no. nothing personal.
Right.
[Kayce] Down.
Down. down. down. Good. Good.
[Garrett] That horse has a fire
in his belly.
I'd sooner jump on a grenade
than mess with him.
[Kayce] Yeah.
he's got a temper for sure.
I guess I would too if somebody
was trying to take my freedom.
Well. I wish somebody
would've gave us this much TLC
when we got out of the sandbox.
All right. Come on. Come on.
Good.
I guess nobody gets off easy
getting out of the Teams.
You had it worse than most.
I look like I'm gonna
suck start my pistol to you?
Just haven't seen you
in a decade.
You were spinning out
pretty good last time I did.
I ain't got a worry
in the world. Coyo.
Trading in that rifle
for a guitar
was the best decision
I ever made.
Always did like
hearing you play that thing.
I've been making a name
for myself up in Nashville. too.
Glad you left the past
in the sandbox. brother.
No looking
in the rearview for me.
Music's my purpose.
Seems you and old Cal
found a new one. too.
I was spinning my wheels till
he offered me a Marshal badge.
[scoffs] Ain't that rich.
Cal gives you a new career.
and he ended mine.
♪ somber music ♪
Well. all this reminiscing's
making me thirsty.
- [country music playing]
- Well. you know.
only ten percent of first dates
make it to the third.
Good for us.
beating the odds already.
We got to survive
our fourth date
before "us" makes it
into our vernacular.
Not to get ahead
of anything. but. uh.
are you thinking
about telling Cal?
The man's got no say in my life.
But he does in mine.
Fine. How about now?
- He just walked in. didn't he?
- [Calvin] Wait.
So this is a-a thing?
You got nothing to say?
I didn't realize she was your
daughter when I asked her out.
It's not something
I boast about.
Enjoy your evenings.
That charcoal filter.
that's what makes it
Tennessee whiskey.
Why are you pimping
Tennessee so hard?
You said you were from Alabama.
Well. I am.
Only good thing
to come out of there is I-20.
Myself included.
I had to drag you out here
last week.
now you're just
a regular. cowboy?
I'm just playing tour guide.
Garrett didn't appreciate the
peace and quiet at the ranch.
Ugh. I get it.
I can't wait to get back
to the concrete jungle myself.
Fresh air is too suffocating.
You know. I think you just
gave me my next song title.
And that makes you my muse.
[Kayce] You know.
last time I heard you play.
you were interrupted
by a mortar attack.
Taliban's a tough crowd. huh?
They ain't got nothing
on those dive bars
I've played down south. though.
[Andrea]
The stage is right there.
You can finish
what you started for Kayce.
I only play big venues
now. darling.
[Andrea chuckles]
Hey. Pull up a chair. Cal.
I'm buying.
I think I'm gonna rain check it.
After all we've been through.
you can't sit down.
have one drink with me?
[Calvin]
Yeah. you know what?
Next round. and the round
after that. is on me.
Okay? Enjoy your night.
Hooyah. Senior Chief.
Well. here's to Two Musketeers.
Cheers.
♪ Shake it ♪
♪ Make it till the m-m-morning ♪
[bird cawing]
[door closes]
- [door closes]
- [Calvin] Hey.
Double G have you
howling at the moon last night?
Took all my frogman skills just
to get him out of the Bullet.
How is he?
He's better than I expected.
Seems to be all in
on this music thing.
I mean. if he says so.
Man shows up out of the blue.
after a decade.
'cause life is good?
Come on.
I know a damaged frogman
when I see one.
You should.
You caused a lot of his damage.
[indistinct chatter]
Hey. Tip just came in.
Fugitive on our
Top 15 Most Wanted list.
- Reed Pollard.
- [Calvin] Wait.
The most wanted bank robber of
his generation is in our town?
Planning his next heist.
We got a possible
location on him.
Yeah. I mean. Pollard's
been on the board for years.
No one's come close
to catching him.
Yeah. well. he's never been
on our hunting ground.
Okay. Let's roll him up.
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
Despite pulling off
some of the biggest heists
of the last decade.
Pollard has managed to stay
one step ahead of the Marshals.
Yeah. this guy's
a modern-day Dillinger.
His scores have netted millions.
So what brings him to Montana?
An anonymous tip says he's in
town scouting his next takedown.
Bagging one of our most wanted.
that'd be a great way
to start this day. y'all.
- What's his target?
- [Andrea] We don't know.
just that he's holed up
at the Ashford Rodeo Grounds.
Rodeos have moved south for the
winter. Place will be deserted.
[Belle]
Great. no civvies.
Should we gear up.
full battle rattle?
Pollard's not one to waste time.
so if he's moving on his target.
I need you and Miles here. quarterbacking.
And. Andrea. you and Kayce.
you roll with me.
Okay? Let's move.
Did we just get benched?
Sure feels like it.
What'd you do?
Nothing. You?
Nothing.
They're kicking doors.
We're gonna get stuck here
doing paperwork.
Nothing personal.
- [cattle lowing]
- ♪ dramatic music ♪
Must have an inside connection
to be holed up
in a place like this.
Guy's stolen millions and
chooses to live like an animal?
Lives like an animal
so he can steal millions.
It's that kind
of discipline is why
no one's come close
to catching him.
[Andrea]
How we want to do this?
[Calvin] Pollard's known
for stealth. not force.
so I think fast and dirty
should do it.
[Kayce]
Any word on his team?
Usually only works with a few.
but n-never the same ones.
Tip might be from
a scorned old crew member
who's come back to haunt him.
- Lot of that going around.
- Hey. Movement.
On me.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
[Andrea]
Federal agents. Show yourself!
[metallic clanging]
♪
Contact rear!
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[Calvin]
Go.
[grunts]
Okay. hold fire.
Check these bodies.
[Kayce]
U.S. Marshal!
[Calvin over comms] Kayce.
none of these guys are Pollard.
It's got to be yours.
[gunfire]
[horses neighing]
Okay. Kayce and Andrea
are on the ground. searching.
Where are we on Pollard?
Local PD set up roadblocks.
three-mile perimeter.
- Anything pop?
- [Belle] No hits on the BOLO
or at the perimeter checkpoints.
Kayce says he clipped him.
Have we checked hospitals.
local clinics?
No gunshot wounds reported
anywhere within 30 miles.
Gifford's gonna eat my lunch
if Bozeman PD get this collar.
Did our fairy tipster happen
to come in with any more intel?
He's gone radio silent.
Okay. extend
to a statewide search
'cause Pollard could've
stolen a car. slipped the net.
- We can't lose him.
- [Belle] Did you get anything
from the three dead guys
you dropped?
[Calvin]
Still waiting on local PD
to ID the guys
'cause they were only carrying
guns and zip ties.
[Belle] Zip ties were likely
for hostages on their target.
You may have
put them down right as
they were launching their heist.
Didn't put 'em all down.
Yeah. don't remind me. [scoffs]
And Pollard's the headliner
of this crew.
It's unlike this team
to let such a big fish get away.
Kicked the door
with a full unit.
might've turned out different.
Or maybe one of you
catches a round.
You questioning my call?
Not your call. your motive.
My motive is to do
what's best for my team.
and if you feel differently.
that's on you.
Now. we have a fugitive
on the loose.
So. find him.
Hey.
Are you part
of this whole conspiracy?
Oh. no. Man. no.
The conspiracy to sideline me.
that's all you.
I'm talking about
Miles and Maddie.
They're... dating.
or whatever people do nowadays.
Maddie's the girl
Miles had a crush on?
Oh. Well. that explains
your grumpiness.
At least towards him.
Dating somebody I work with.
Maddie's sticking it
to me. right?
Sorry. it's... it's not
respecting work boundaries.
Stay front-sight focused.
[engine revving]
Awful lot of firepower
Pollard's crew
was packing today.
Not his M.O.
He uses different tactics
for pulling off a heist
and keeping his freedom.
Man isn't willing to go quietly.
He made his choice.
He got shot for it.
Allegedly.
I hit him.
So in addition to your
SEAL and cowboy skills.
you're also telepathic?
Okay. who am I gonna
ask you about next?
If you mention Dolly Weaver.
- you're walking home.
- [chuckles]
Is that who has you checking
your phone every ten seconds?
Garrett. actually.
He's not responding.
Oh. he's probably just
sleeping it off.
He was hitting it
pretty hard last night.
[phone buzzing]
911 reports an intruder
in a shed at 533 Marigold Road.
That's four blocks
from the rodeo grounds.
Told you I hit him.
We'll see. cowboy.
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
He's dead.
That isn't Pollard.
Dead guy Kayce and Andrea
found is Jack Manning
from Pullman. Washington.
No priors.
no known connection to Pollard.
Okay. Where are we
with the rest of the crew?
Troy Ryan. Kenny Roman.
Sam Harold.
Ryan and Roman. both from Iowa.
Harold from rural Michigan.
And according to the FBI.
none are known associates
to Pollard.
[Andrea]
Well. tough luck
running into us on their
first time out with him.
First time out anywhere.
They all have clean jackets.
Clean jackets
don't mean clean living.
True. but this ain't the crew
that pulled off
the Lufthansa heist.
Four strangers
from out of state
with no criminal records.
What are they doing in Montana?
And where is Pollard
in all this?
Could've been nearby when
you got the drop on his guys.
slipped away.
Or maybe he planned the job.
hired a crew
while he stays in the shadows.
Then who tipped us off
that he's in Bozeman?
Wait. can we trace that tip that
led us to Pollard
in the first place?
It came from a burner phone.
It's no longer pinging.
I mean. Pollard's M.O.
has always been hands-on.
so I know he's close by.
We got to flip these four worlds
upside down.
Maybe something will pop.
put us on to his whereabouts.
And if he's the mastermind here.
then he armed these guys.
Ballistics on the gun
might tell us a different story.
Yeah. that's good thinking.
Miles. Belle. you keep
digging into this crew.
Let's get those
recovered weapons
over to the ballistics lab.
Where'd Kayce go. by the way?
Said he needed to go
check on Garrett.
Is something wrong?
Couldn't get ahold of him.
What is up with you
and Double G?
He seems like a great guy.
I thought the brotherhood
bonded you for life?
Get these to the lab. okay?
[quietly] Oh. damn it.
What's up?
Look. there's. um. there's
something I forgot to do.
Can you make this run solo?
If it spares me your
yacht rock playlist. I got it.
Look. and hey. make sure
they expedite the tests.
- Okay?
- Hooyah. Senior Chief.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Garrett mumbling]
Roner.
Roner!
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Roner. I'm coming.
Roner. I got you.
- [Kayce] Hey.
- [Garrett] Coming. Roner.
- Garrett.
- I'm coming.
Hey. you're good.
Garrett. Hey.
[gasps]
Get off me. Get off me.
- Get off me.
- [both grunting]
- Garrett.
- Get off me.
- Get off...
- Hey. Garrett.
Garrett. you're good.
It's Coyo.
Hey. It's Coyo. You're good.
You're good.
Hey. hey. you're good. Hey. Hey.
Hey. Hey. Yeah.
You're all right.
Yeah. You're all right.
You're all right. dude. Come on.
[panting]
You're good.
You're good. You're good.
[groans softly]
Still not able to link
any of the shooters
with Pollard or each other.
No texts. emails. calls.
I'm coming up empty myself.
I can't even find evidence
that they were casing a target.
I don't think failing Cal's
gonna get me back
in his good graces.
Sounds like you're at least
winning in your love life.
- He told you about Maddie.
- Mm.
How pissed is he?
I wouldn't say
he's doing cartwheels over it.
Story of my life.
Good thing's always followed
by a bad one.
[sighs] Miles. you liked a girl.
you asked her out.
she said yes.
It's all good.
No. it's not.
My personal life's complicating
my relationship with my boss.
Yeah.
Well. I'm sure
it'll be awkward for a bit.
but it'll blow over.
Just when I started feeling like
I belonged at this job. now...
Cal is only upset
because Maddie is into you.
and she has been keeping him at
arm's length since he got here.
[sighs]
Wait. how long have you known
Maddie's his daughter?
Got some personal details there?
No. I was just assuming things
aren't great with Cal
because he had us going
to his daughter's bar
without sharing why.
We should get back to Pollard.
[door creaks open]
[door closes]
I'll clear out now.
Get out of your hair.
Sorry for the trouble. [sighs]
We're all haunted by what
we did outside the wire.
Or didn't do.
You know. it's pretty twisted
how much more sense life makes
in a war zone
than in the civilized world.
I thought music
was your new purpose
and you're out
doing what you love.
Stopped doing what I love when
I got kicked out of the Teams.
I used to be a part
of an elite combat unit.
Now. I'm...
scrounging for gigs up and down
the Honky Tonk Highway. and...
grown tired of it.
Man. they outed
all the quitters in BUD/S.
You dragging
that guitar around tells me
you're still in the fight.
Music's my only escape.
My only healthy one anyway.
Yeah. when I'm on the stage.
that adrenaline. it...
it helps me forget
about the past.
but as soon as
the applause dies down...
...I say good night to the sun.
♪ somber music ♪
Things got pretty dark
for you. huh?
In and out of jail.
Psych wards. rehab.
sleeping on the streets.
[sighs]
That last op changed everything.
Yeah.
For all four of us.
You've taken
your hits. man. but...
...you're a survivor.
I feel like surviving's
my punishment for what I did.
You may have a lot of demons.
but don't go fighting
for something you didn't earn.
We both know
who Roner's death is on.
I'm trying to
get my head right. Coyo.
I'm losing hope.
I've dealt with a lot of hurt
and loss myself.
This ranch helps.
I may sing country.
but I ain't no cowboy.
The healing power of nature.
that's-that's a real thing.
Being out on the land.
feel a part of it.
It's been a long time
since I felt like
I was a part of anything.
Stay here.
Long as you need until you
find a path forward.
♪ hopeful music ♪
You sure about that?
I mean. I'm-I'm
a lot more complicated
than that ornery horse.
We might not be teammates
anymore.
We're still brothers.
I know it's a lot to take in.
[fading] I'll loop in
a couple of specialists
who have experience
with these kinds of cases.
It's important
to know that you're not alone.
Support groups can provide
a source of stability.
especially early on...
[rap music playing
over car stereo]
[sighs]
[woman rapping indistinctly]
[station changes]
♪ Wanted your love ♪
♪ But all you ever wanted ♪
♪ Is someone to touch... ♪
[GPS voice]
Turn left in 400 feet.
Left ahead?
I already made two lefts.
[engine revving]
[horn blaring]
[country music
continues playing faintly]
♪ ominous music ♪
Mm. Hey.
You didn't respond to my texts.
Uh. I got sidetracked.
Well. we didn't.
We located Pollard.
Where was he hiding out?
A jail in Las Cruces.
New Mexico?
Got picked up five days ago
under an alias.
Small-town cops.
it took them a minute to realize
they had bagged a whale.
Why would someone tip us off
about a fugitive
a thousand miles away?
And Las Cruces cops say
they found nothing on Pollard
pointing to any jobs in Montana.
Did anything pop
on the rest of the crew?
Still hard to figure out
what brought them here.
and no evidence that they were
casing any spots for a heist.
This is starting to feel
like a setup.
Wait. did forensics get back
on the ETA with these results?
No. nothing yet.
Wh... I thought you and Andrea
were doing that together.
Yeah. I to... I mean.
I told you. I got sidetracked.
By what?
Um... Just. uh.
get-get a sitrep from her.
[footsteps approaching]
- Hey.
Taking on one of those
battles you mentioned?
Nah. I was just trying
to figure out if Pollard was.
you know.
some kind of bait for us.
You know?
How's. uh. Garrett?
He's still carrying a lot
of baggage. You were right.
How bad?
Sounds like he's gone Winchester
in his fight to keep going.
And away from the chaos.
you know.
these demons in your head.
they just
keep grinding you down.
especially if you don't got
teammates to lean on.
[Kayce]
Mm-hmm.
And taking his bird
will do that.
I tried everything.
everything. to avoid that.
He's gonna stay with me
for a while.
see if he can sort
some stuff out.
You sure that's a good idea?
Is "no man left behind"
not a thing for you?
You know. he's my brother.
too. Coyo.
And as his team leader. I feel
responsible for his struggles.
but we both know
how combustible Double G is.
I just don't want you
in his blast radius.
It feels like we lost
two brothers on that op.
[footsteps approaching]
- Hey.
- Hey. [sighs]
[Calvin]
You heard back from Andrea?
She's not answering her phone.
and the forensics lab said
she never dropped
the weapons off.
Miles is trying to get
a hit on her SUV.
She should've been
there and back by now.
[Calvin]
Miles. what do you got?
Sheriff found
Andrea's vehicle two miles
- from the lab. smashed up.
- [Calvin] What?
- Is she okay?
- [Miles] There's blood
in the vehicle.
but she wasn't on scene.
What'd she hit?
Truck hit her. broadside.
but it was also empty.
Could be a hit-and-run.
[Calvin]
Did she run. too?
Maybe she was in shock?
Wandered off.
Or a Good Samaritan passed by
and took them all to a hospital.
First we get ambushed
at the rodeo.
now Andrea's missing?
Feels coordinated.
- DUSTWUN.
- [Belle] What does that mean?
Whereabouts unknown.
Sheriff just sent over
traffic cam footage.
All right.
Throw it up on the screen.
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
[Miles]
There she is.
That's no accident.
[Kayce]
Smash-and-grab.
Classic ambush technique.
My God.
[Miles]
She's not moving.
Yeah.
Impact probably knocked her out.
Okay. Okay. listen up. Hey!
Hey. listen up!
Deputy Marshal Andrea Cruz
has been abducted.
So. whatever you're doing.
getting her back
is our only priority.
Okay? So you track her van.
you ping her phone.
you do whatever it takes.
Okay? No one's taking a break
till she gets back safe.
No one. Let's go.
Get to work!
Hey. who the hell's
coming after us?
Whoever it is.
it feels personal.
[Andrea grunting]
- Help! Help! [groaning]
- [Taser buzzing]
- Behave.
- [Andrea cries out]
[panting. sobbing]
[Andrea groaning]
Help! Help!
[grunts]
[coughs]
Yell all you want.
No one's around to hear you.
[Andrea panting]
[gasping]
Stay there.
Hey. Any luck
tracking her phone?
[Belle]
Been trying to ping it.
It's either turned off
or destroyed.
Road weather cam
a few miles from the accident
caught a cargo van
matching our BOLO.
Okay. it's got to be
the same one.
[Miles]
Got a hit on the registration.
It's a business.
Treasure State Demolition.
That's the first thing
that's made sense all day.
[Andrea panting]
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
[man]
Deputy U.S. Marshal Andrea Cruz.
In my home.
What an honor.
[Andrea] Full force of the U.S.
government will be coming for me
and you for breaking the law.
Randall Clegg.
After what your team
has done to my family.
the only law that concerns me
is an eye for an eye.
- [Andrea whimpering]
- [man] Stand up.
Let's prep for a full assault
on Randall Clegg's compound.
Would he grab Andrea
and take her
to the first place we'd look?
Even if she's not there.
somebody on that property
will know something.
What are the protocols
for an abducted U.S. Marshal?
Tear Montana apart
till we find our teammate.
I got a call into Gifford.
It's all hands on deck.
[Miles]
What the hell is Clegg doing?
Getting payback.
Those zip ties we recovered
off the gunmen at the rodeo.
they must've been meant for us.
Going after Kayce's job
is one thing.
but kidnapping a U.S. Marshal?
Why now?
His business went bust.
He lost the rare earth mine
demo contracts
after his sons
shot up Broken Rock.
With one son dead and another
one facing life in prison.
he's got nothing to lose.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
[Miles]
Does an assault
put Andrea at risk
if he's doing this to negotiate?
Clegg knows
he's crossed the Rubicon.
He is ready to go out
on his shield.
Making himself a martyr
certainly helps gain sympathy
for his son.
I'm happy to oblige him.
You know. I've been teammates
with Andrea for months now.
I don't even know who to notify
as her next of kin.
I think she said her mom
was back in New York.
Right now. we're all
the family she's got.
so let's get her home.
[door opens]
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
[grunts]
[zip ties tightening]
[heavy door closes]
[Andrea]
What is this?
A man standing his ground.
This isn't a negotiation.
Bit by bit. I've watched
the life sucked from this land
by faraway bureaucrats
who care nothing for it.
I've seen the blood of my kin
spilled by their puppets.
You all take and take and take
till there's nothing left
but a desert.
It has been too dry
for too long around here.
And what are you in all that?
A spark.
It's time to burn
the land clean.
♪
[engines revving]
Why was Andrea alone
when she got grabbed?
It was a routine run.
I didn't know we'd be
in Clegg's crosshairs.
Belle says you were
supposed to go with her.
Yeah. and I would've sent you.
but you
were more worried
about your old teammate
than the ones you got now.
Look. man. Roner. Double G.
that is the third rail
in our friendship.
but the only way Drea's
gonna get out of this
is if we are pulling
in the same direction.
It's eerie. though. 'cause the
last thing Drea said to me...
...was. "Hooyah. Senior Chief."
Garrett shows up
and here we are again.
got another teammate
behind enemy lines.
Let's hope this one
turns out better.
[engines revving]
This can't be
how Andrea goes out.
Told you.
something good happens.
something bad always follows.
Coming up on the property line.
[Kayce over comms] There's an
access road a few miles past
the main entrance
to the Clegg compound.
- We can jock up there.
- Copy that.
[bird cawing]
No signs of activity.
- How far out is backup?
- Like an hour out.
- but we can't wait for them.
- [Kayce] With any luck.
we pull this together faster
than Clegg expected.
Yeah. we catch them off guard.
that's our best
tactical advantage.
Okay. look.
we're gonna proceed on foot.
fast and quiet.
Belle. Miles. you're gonna take
the left flank.
Kayce and I will take the right.
and when we get to the target.
we're gonna clear
that main house first.
I know we're all out for blood
right now. all right?
But remember.
this is a hostage rescue. okay?
So careful where you send
your rounds downrange.
- Let's get our girl back.
- [Calvin] Let's go.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
♪
[gunfire]
[Calvin]
Contact front!
Down. down. down.
[Calvin]
We need fire on that bunker!
Contact right!
They were expecting us.
Clegg went
and got himself an army.
[Calvin]
More shooters in the barn.
They're gonna overrun us.
[Calvin]
Watch the flank.
We got to get off the X.
♪ intense. percussive music ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm